That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	
They never brought a salad we asked for.	
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	
This was like the final blow!	
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
Overall, I like this place a lot.	
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	
Ample portions and good prices.	
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	
Service sucks.	
The shrimp tender and moist.	
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	
Their chow mein is so good!	
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	
The portion was huge!	
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	
We'd definitely go back here again.	
We are so glad we found this place.	